Update filters troubleshooting docs (#380)
avito-tech/avito-android: docs/content/docs/test/Runner.md

## Find out how filters were applied

> If build finishes successfully It will produce files with debug information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If build finishes successfully, it will produce files with debug information
```
Is it one sentence?

Author: It is First conditional

Reviewer: I see. This is why I've proposed using `, it` to divide parts.

https://www.ef.com/wwen/english-resources/english-grammar/type-1-conditional/

### Find out what tests were filtered

Look at file `filters-excludes.json` \

> - You may find filtered tests grouped by filters name declared in `filters-applied.json`

Author: ```suggestion
- You may find filtered tests grouped by filter names declared in `filters-applied.json`
```
